docs/CONTRIBUTING: Update Polkadot pull request process documentation (#7393)
paritytech/substrate: docs/CONTRIBUTING.adoc

. Make the changes required and build polkadot locally.
. Submit all this as a PR against the Polkadot Repo. Link to your Polkadot PR in the _description_ of your Substrate PR as "polkadot companion: [URL]"
. Now you should see that the `check_polkadot` CI job will build your Substrate PR agains the mentioned Polkadot branch in your PR description.
. Wait for reviews on both the Substrate and the Polkadot pull request.

> . Once the Substrate pull request has been green lit, one can comment on the Substrate pull request with `bot merge` which will:

Reviewer: "bot merge" is only doable by members of the parity group in github.

> . Once the Substrate pull request has been green lit, one can comment on the Substrate pull request with `bot merge` which will:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Once the Substrate pull request runs green, a member of the `parity` github group can comment on the Substrate pull request with `bot merge` which will:
```
